---
description: Meet HUH, the first UTIMEME cryptocurrency!
---

# INTRODUCTION

With the advent of Bitcoin [(Nakamoto, 2009)](https://whitepaper.huh.social/additional-info/references#references\_bitcoinwhitepaper), the Byzantine fault tolerance problem was solved with the marvel that is blockchain technology, and the first wave of disruption appeared. Among many new possibilities, decentralized finances became viable for the first time. Anthropologically speaking, the sequence: speech - write - the printing press - the internet and now the blockchain are arguably the most relevant breakthroughs turning unconscious beings ever increasingly more conscious.

A second wave of disruption came with the implementation of smart contracts built on the blockchain technology [(Buterin, 2015)](https://whitepaper.huh.social/additional-info/references#references\_ethereumwhitepaper). Among many possibilities, decentralized computing and legislation by means of automatically executable clauses became not only viable but may have also anticipated the course of history.

In order to reduce computational costs at the expense of decentralisation, layer 2 networks (L2) have been advocated. Binance Smart Chain [(“Binance Smart Chain whitepaper”, 2020)](https://whitepaper.huh.social/additional-info/references#references\_bscwhitepaper) and the Matic, (now Polygon) [(“Matic Whitepaper”, 2018)](https://whitepaper.huh.social/additional-info/references#references\_maticwhitepaper) are great examples of L2 networks. The variety of blockchain protocols has been likened to the variety of life forms created in the pre-Cambrian period of life evolution on Earth, and now, a multitude of cryptocurrencies have evolved.

Among this multitude one project [(Reflect.finance, 2021)](https://whitepaper.huh.social/additional-info/references#references\_reflectfinance) was the first to develop the novel concept of reflection as a means to incentivise participants of the network to adopt positive behaviours towards the blockchain protocol and community growth. HUH embraces this work.

Although technological advancements are instrumental in many aspects of life, humans are social beings. Facebook, (now Metaverse) explored this avenue quite successfully until recently (Facebook, 2020), when its business model was considered outdated by many members of the community already under strong influence from the new cryptocurrencies. Somebody else’s data ownership is now considered a much more serious topic than a decade ago, smart contracts have been called to the rescue with the advent of NFT protocols. Above all we, as social beings, live statistically better and longer when interconnected with quality relationships. At HUH it is believed that a key aspect in these relationships is the promotion of humour and emotions generally, as a solid building block able to give colour and pleasant perfume to life. In this context the HUH cryptocurrency was conceived.&#x20;

**Have fun, start living a fulfilling life - HUH.**

## HUH DREAM

### _Decentralised Metaverse_

Our dream is a decentralised metaverse where everyone gains  from the data they generate. The data generated by engagement, be it information, opinion, images, sound or another form of self-expression generated value for the influencers and individuals, because all data creates influence, and HUH believe that influence is a currency to be shared for the greater good, not just sold for profit.

## HUH VISION

Creation of the world’s first “UTIMEME” cryptocurrency combining the power of ‘meme’ tokens with the useability of utility tokens. Tokenomics to drive rapid growth in the value of the HUH token that will be the basis for transaction and reward across a meaningful social network called 'MetHUH' where users' data ownership is taken seriously from a cryptocurrency first perspective. With the HUH social network, MetHUH, everyone can be rewarded in HUH for exchanges of content and engagement.

### Why HUH?

Because it is the most commonly used word on the planet.

## HUH THINKING

The success of open source decentralised 'meme' cryptocurrencies has broken records and overshadowed some of the most long-standing cryptocurrencies classified as “utility”. To date meme cryptocurrencies have enjoyed the public’s attention and have gained an immense following. Two of them already having a combined market cap greater than some of the top 15 cryptocurrencies in the world. One of the key issues, however, is their inability to ever scale beyond their “meme” status. More elaborated use cases are not present in most of these tokens and many slowly lose traction once the hype has died. Seasoned investors frequently avoid these cryptocurrencies.

At HUH the key concepts that make meme tokens so successful has been investigated alongside the cause-and-effect relations generally associated with the longevity of utility tokens. The HUH Token merges these concepts together and creates the world’s first “UTIMEME” cryptocurrency. **A token created with the tokenomics of a meme cryptocurrency but with clear useability of a utility token, an entire harmonic ecosystem that enables a multitude of growth possibilities.**&#x20;

### The more possibilities to grow the better - HUH?

HUH are committed to promote a fertile ground for multidimensional growth in the dimensions that matter to you.

Where there is social engagement there is influence, influence is a currency, and that currency is HUH.

Come and start seeding with HUH, there is plenty room for growth.
