# Introduction

With the advent of Bitcoin [(Nakamoto, 2009)](https://huh-token.gitbook.io/untitled/55QN1dmMDJKBzRVZ0szS/additional-info/references#references\_bitcoinwhitepaper), the Byzantine fault tolerance problem was solved with the marvel blockchain technology. Among many new possibilities, decentralized finances became viable for the first time. Anthropologically speaking, the sequence: speech - write - the press - the internet and now the blockchain are arguably the most relevant breakthroughs turning unconscious beings ever increasingly more conscious.

A second wave of disruption came with the implementation of smart contracts upon the blockchain technology [(Butterin, 2015)](https://huh-token.gitbook.io/untitled/55QN1dmMDJKBzRVZ0szS/additional-info/references#references\_ethereumwhitepaper). Among yet many new possibilities, decentralized computing and legislation by means of automatically executable clauses became not only viable but may have also anticipated the course of history. Among the present challenges of this technology, a compromise between decentralization and computing cost has been identified.

In order to reduce computational costs at the expense of decentralization, layer 2 networks have since then been advocated with honorable mentions to Binance Smart Chain [(“Binance Smart Chain whitepaper”, 2020)](https://huh-token.gitbook.io/untitled/55QN1dmMDJKBzRVZ0szS/additional-info/references#references\_bscwhitepaper) and former Matic, rebranded to Polygon [(“Matic Whitepaper”, 2018)](https://huh-token.gitbook.io/untitled/55QN1dmMDJKBzRVZ0szS/additional-info/references#references\_maticwhitepaper). The variety of blockchain protocols has been compared to the variety of life forms boosted in the precambrian period of life evolution on Earth. Likewise a multitude of cryptocurrencies exploded in numbers.&#x20;

Among these many cryptocurrencies a special project [(Reflect.finance, 2021)](https://huh-token.gitbook.io/untitled/55QN1dmMDJKBzRVZ0szS/additional-info/references#references\_reflectfinance) was the first to develop the novel concept of reflection as a means to incentivize participants of the network to adopt positive behaviors towards the protocol and community growth.&#x20;

Although technological advancements are instrumental in many aspects of life, humans are social beings. Facebook explored this avenue quite successfully until recently (Facebook, 2020), when its business model was considered outdated by many members of the community already under strong influence from the cryptocurrencies’ life explosion. Somebody else’s data ownership is now considered a much more serious topic than a decade ago, smart contracts have been frequently called to the rescue with the advent of NFT protocols. Above all these technicalities, as social beings we live statistically better and longer when interconnected with quality relationships. We at HUH believe a key aspect in these relationships is the promotion of humour as a solid building block able to give color and pleasant perfume to life. In this context the HUH cryptocurrency was conceived. Have fun, start living a fulfilling life HUH.

## Why HUH?

Because it is the most commonly used word in the world. This particular word connects people together with impact, enthusiasm and fun.

## HUH MISSION

Creation of the world’s first “UTIMEME” cryptocurrency combining the power of ‘meme’ tokens with the useability of utility tokens.

To catalyze the creation of a meaningful social network called MetHUH where users’ data ownership is taken seriously from a cryptocurrency first perspective. With HUH’s social network MetHUH, a whole new world of possibilities is unlocked where not only financial value but also social value is transacted. Meet MetHUH’s novel sentiment blockchain.

## HUH THINKING

The success of open source decentralised “meme” cryptocurrencies has broken records and overshadowed some of the most long-standing cryptocurrencies classified as “utility” and/or “exchange”. To date these particular meme cryptocurrencies have enjoyed the public’s attention and have gained an immense following. With two of them already having a combined market cap greater than some of the top 15 cryptocurrencies in the world. One of the key issues, however, is their inability to ever scale beyond their “meme” status. More elaborated use cases are not present in most of these tokens and many slowly lose traction once the hype has died. Seasoned investors frequently avoid these cryptocurrencies. At HUH we researched the key concepts that make meme tokens so successful and we establish cause and effect relations associated with the longevity of utilitary tokens. HUH Token merges these concepts together and creates the world’s first “UTIMEME” cryptocurrency. A token created with the tokenomics of a meme cryptocurrency but with clear useability of an entire harmonic ecosystem that enables a multitude of growth possibilities. The more possibilities we have to grow the better, isn’t it, HUH? We are committed to promote a fertile ground for multidimensional growth in the dimensions that matter to you. We truly deeply respect your values, your seed, your legacy, therefore we invite you to lead around each one of them. Come and start seeding with us, there is plenty room for growth.
