huh-core/huh-solution/tokenomics.md, before:

# TOKENOMICS

## TOKENOMICS VISION

HUH token initially presents a bold fees system to accommodate initial market needs of robustness, control and trust construction alongside infrastructure. In the other hand HUH is committed to give HUH citizens increasingly more financial freedom by reducing fees until they become very light. HUH aim to reach a future where fees are considered unnoticeable for most. They will only be there to protect all citizens in a sound circular economy scheme aligned with community interests.

## MULTI-CHAIN PROTOCOL

The HUH token will be available on more than one blockchain. Each blockchain HUH is on has its own strong points that allows the HUH ecosystem to thrive on it.

As of right now, HUH will be made available on the Binance Smart Chain with Ethereum to follow shortly.

HUH plans to bring liquidity to pools on strategic decentralised exchanges while ensuring that total circulating supply across all chains never exceeds 888B tokens as originally promised.

There will be an ETH-BSC bridge with a 1:1 swap for HUH holders to move seamlessly between the two chains. Due to the 1:1 swap, the supply and price of HUH between chains are intertwined. The Fees System is not applied to bridging. This means users won’t pay HUH transaction fees when moving tokens between the ETH and BSC chains. Users will only pay fees when doing usual transactions. As a market positioning strategy, HUH token is meant to be ubiquitous. That is why we will be extending HUH token to as many blockchains as possible.

## MONETARY POLICIES

The monetary policies committee (MPC) is responsible to coordinate the proper control of the available tokens

### Monetary Policies Committee

HUH has a multi-disciplinary monetary policies committee formed to cover the following key areas of knowledge:

* economy
* blockchain and cryptocurrencies technologies
* community management
* applied math
* automated algorithms

The MPC will have periodic meetings to safeguard the health of the HUH ecosystem taking into consideration direct and indirect circular economy concepts whenever feasible.

#### Features governed by the ‘MPC’

The following are subject to the control of the MPC:

* Market making partners and algorithms
* Liquidity providers and their own characteristics
* Tokenomics variables update
* Smart contracts upgradeability
* Token burns
* HUH derivatives

#### Token burns

HUH Token has a burn wallet in Binance Smart Chain and Ethereum blockchains. When tokens are sent to the burn wallet, they are taken out of circulation forever, making the circulating tokens more valuable due to an increase in scarcity. HUH Token is designed to present a deflationary trait by means of its ecosystem dynamics, as opposed to traditional government backed fiat-currencies, it is expected to become more valuable as time goes by due to, among many other reasons, scheduled token burns. The schedule of token burns and the number of tokens burned at each transaction are going to be made available to the community by the MPC.

Burn address: 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD

## HUH TOKEN MARKET

The initial plan for the token launch is to issue it on PancakeSwap

Once HUH have successfully launched on the decentralised exchanges (DEX’s) it will aim to be listed on both CoinGecko (CG) and CoinMarketCap (CMC). This will allow HUH to have a much greater reach in the crypto community and enable the creation of the HUH nation faster.

HUH is obtaining Legal Opinions from multiple regions to guarantee listings on multiple exchanges. The Legal Opinions we are looking to generate are initially from the United Kingdom, USA, Liechtenstein, Singapore, Malta and Gibraltar.

To create the volume needed to be listed on CG and CMC HUH need to generate, in the first day, between $30,000 and $50,000 in token sales.

To get listed on the Tier 3 exchanges HUH will need to reach a daily trade volume of between $100,000 - $500,000.

To get listed on the Tier 2 and Tier 1 exchanges HUH will need to reach a daily trading volume over $5,000,000.

## Token Allocation

![](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (2).png>)

### PRESALE BREAKDOWN

The Current value of the token is: $1 = 177 HUH Tokens.

Total Supply: 888,000,000,000 (888 billion HUH Tokens).

Pre-Sale: 1% of Total Supply (8,880,000,000).

#### Important wallets:

|                        |                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Wallet Description** | **Address**                                                                                                              |
| Token Deployer         | [0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9) |
| Token Owner            | [0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9) |
| Marketing              | [0x783f51eF9Ac932B323dDb26701aD7897315a2cD5](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x783f51ef9ac932b323ddb26701ad7897315a2cd5) |
| Reward Distributor     | [0x1529B357C8559Da530c6f26e80fB3Ae16258c1eb](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x1529b357c8559da530c6f26e80fb3ae16258c1eb) |
| Elon Musk              | [0xc43bc578f02Dd0b6444B2Ab4E2dA2716f8D5fFF1](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0xc43bc578f02Dd0b6444B2Ab4E2dA2716f8D5fFF1) |
| Influencers            | [0x01bB388504811EdFe9303b11096F223F6d6737f5](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x01bB388504811EdFe9303b11096F223F6d6737f5) |
| Dev                    | [0x51F57d7C2be1ce6eAf33F44B7E58f45d7d5Af1Ff](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x51F57d7C2be1ce6eAf33F44B7E58f45d7d5Af1Ff) |
| HUH Swap               | [0x9246e591859F7F630E8635FF7EF54a26456BD6Cd](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x9246e591859F7F630E8635FF7EF54a26456BD6Cd) |

#### Transaction types:

* Normal Buy
* Normal Sell
* Referred Buy
* Referred Sell

For each transaction type there are different fees applied as follows:

* Normal Buy Fee: 3%:
  * 1% LP Acquisition
  * 1% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 1% Marketing Wallet
* Normal Sell Fee: 20%:
  * 15% LP Acquisition
  * 4% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 1% Marketing Wallet
* Referred Buy Fee: 15%:
  * 10% BNB Referral Reward
  * 5% Marketing Wallet
* Referred Sell Fee: 10%:
  * 2.5% LP Acquisition
  * 2.5% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 5 % Marketing Wallet

#### Presale Strategy

The Dev Wallet is at 5% as to continue paying developers in continuously improving the HUH Token and adapting it for the future.

The Marketing Wallet is at 5%, HUH have a large marketing strategy and due to the multiple listings, we are aiming to achieve, we have added the 5% transaction fee. The Marketing Wallet is to maintain all the partnerships and listings. HUH aim to be listed on around 100 exchanges within the first 12 months.

The Breakdown behind the numbers is that HUH want to always provide back to the LP (Liquidity Pool) as to dampen volatility.

HUH Token Redistribution is another strategy, complementary to freezing, to reward engaged holders within the ecosystem through HOLDING. The more you hold and the longer you hold the more tokens you will receive through the transaction redistribution.

## FEES SYSTEM

On every buy and sell transaction within the HUH token ecosystem, fees are deducted in the best interest of the community as a whole. 

HUH token fees were designed to cover 4 different purposes set out below:

1. Payment of the implicit cost of the reflection feature. It is responsible to directly reward HUH token holders;
2. Payment of LP acquisition costs;
3. Payment of referral rewards, this is a ‘take once’ fee, and it is deducted on the first buy only; and
4. Investments in marketing, designed to position HUH strategically with both depth and extension impacts. These investments indirectly guarantee sufficient resources to market and run the entire HUH ecosystem.

Commit message:

GitBook: [#76] :memo: Update pie chart and add table of shares in %.

huh-core/huh-solution/tokenomics.md, after:

# TOKENOMICS

## TOKENOMICS VISION

HUH token initially presents a bold fees system to accommodate initial market needs of robustness, control and trust construction alongside infrastructure. In the other hand HUH is committed to give HUH citizens increasingly more financial freedom by reducing fees until they become very light. HUH aim to reach a future where fees are considered unnoticeable for most. They will only be there to protect all citizens in a sound circular economy scheme aligned with community interests.

## MULTI-CHAIN PROTOCOL

The HUH token will be available on more than one blockchain. Each blockchain HUH is on has its own strong points that allows the HUH ecosystem to thrive on it.

As of right now, HUH will be made available on the Binance Smart Chain with Ethereum to follow shortly.

HUH plans to bring liquidity to pools on strategic decentralised exchanges while ensuring that total circulating supply across all chains never exceeds 888B tokens as originally promised.

There will be an ETH-BSC bridge with a 1:1 swap for HUH holders to move seamlessly between the two chains. Due to the 1:1 swap, the supply and price of HUH between chains are intertwined. The Fees System is not applied to bridging. This means users won’t pay HUH transaction fees when moving tokens between the ETH and BSC chains. Users will only pay fees when doing usual transactions. As a market positioning strategy, HUH token is meant to be ubiquitous. That is why we will be extending HUH token to as many blockchains as possible.

## MONETARY POLICIES

The monetary policies committee (MPC) is responsible to coordinate the proper control of the available tokens

### Monetary Policies Committee

HUH has a multi-disciplinary monetary policies committee formed to cover the following key areas of knowledge:

* economy
* blockchain and cryptocurrencies technologies
* community management
* applied math
* automated algorithms

The MPC will have periodic meetings to safeguard the health of the HUH ecosystem taking into consideration direct and indirect circular economy concepts whenever feasible.

#### Features governed by the ‘MPC’

The following are subject to the control of the MPC:

* Market making partners and algorithms
* Liquidity providers and their own characteristics
* Tokenomics variables update
* Smart contracts upgradeability
* Token burns
* HUH derivatives

#### Token burns

HUH Token has a burn wallet in Binance Smart Chain and Ethereum blockchains. When tokens are sent to the burn wallet, they are taken out of circulation forever, making the circulating tokens more valuable due to an increase in scarcity. HUH Token is designed to present a deflationary trait by means of its ecosystem dynamics, as opposed to traditional government backed fiat-currencies, it is expected to become more valuable as time goes by due to, among many other reasons, scheduled token burns. The schedule of token burns and the number of tokens burned at each transaction are going to be made available to the community by the MPC.

Burn address: 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD

## HUH TOKEN MARKET

The initial plan for the token launch is to issue it on PancakeSwap

Once HUH have successfully launched on the decentralised exchanges (DEX’s) it will aim to be listed on both CoinGecko (CG) and CoinMarketCap (CMC). This will allow HUH to have a much greater reach in the crypto community and enable the creation of the HUH nation faster.

HUH is obtaining Legal Opinions from multiple regions to guarantee listings on multiple exchanges. The Legal Opinions we are looking to generate are initially from the United Kingdom, USA, Liechtenstein, Singapore, Malta and Gibraltar.

To create the volume needed to be listed on CG and CMC HUH need to generate, in the first day, between $30,000 and $50,000 in token sales.

To get listed on the Tier 3 exchanges HUH will need to reach a daily trade volume of between $100,000 - $500,000.

To get listed on the Tier 2 and Tier 1 exchanges HUH will need to reach a daily trading volume over $5,000,000.

## Token Allocation

The token allocation is made with the shares present in the following table:

|                 |                |
| --------------- | -------------- |
| **Description** | **Share \[%]** |
| Exchanges       | 40             |
| Elon Musk       | 20             |
| Pancake Swap    | 10             |
| MetHUH          | 9              |
| Marketing       | 5              |
| Presale         | 5              |
| Development     | 5              |
| Influencers     | 5              |
| HUH Swap        | 1              |

&#x20;The ratio of shares is represented in the pie chart of figure 1.

![Figure 1. HUH Token allocation pie chart.](<../../.gitbook/assets/image (6).png>)

### PRESALE BREAKDOWN

The Current value of the token is: $1 = 177 HUH Tokens.

Total Supply: 888,000,000,000 (888 billion HUH Tokens).

Pre-Sale: 1% of Total Supply (8,880,000,000).

#### Important wallets:

|                        |                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Wallet Description** | **Address**                                                                                                              |
| Token Deployer         | [0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9) |
| Token Owner            | [0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x47119643cf8533827b4c20f521e69b96c1bfe8f9) |
| Marketing              | [0x783f51eF9Ac932B323dDb26701aD7897315a2cD5](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x783f51ef9ac932b323ddb26701ad7897315a2cd5) |
| Reward Distributor     | [0x1529B357C8559Da530c6f26e80fB3Ae16258c1eb](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x1529b357c8559da530c6f26e80fb3ae16258c1eb) |
| Elon Musk              | [0xc43bc578f02Dd0b6444B2Ab4E2dA2716f8D5fFF1](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0xc43bc578f02Dd0b6444B2Ab4E2dA2716f8D5fFF1) |
| Influencers            | [0x01bB388504811EdFe9303b11096F223F6d6737f5](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x01bB388504811EdFe9303b11096F223F6d6737f5) |
| Dev                    | [0x51F57d7C2be1ce6eAf33F44B7E58f45d7d5Af1Ff](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x51F57d7C2be1ce6eAf33F44B7E58f45d7d5Af1Ff) |
| HUH Swap               | [0x9246e591859F7F630E8635FF7EF54a26456BD6Cd](https://www.bscscan.com/address/0x9246e591859F7F630E8635FF7EF54a26456BD6Cd) |

#### Transaction types:

* Normal Buy
* Normal Sell
* Referred Buy
* Referred Sell

For each transaction type there are different fees applied as follows:

* Normal Buy Fee: 3%:
  * 1% LP Acquisition
  * 1% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 1% Marketing Wallet
* Normal Sell Fee: 20%:
  * 15% LP Acquisition
  * 4% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 1% Marketing Wallet
* Referred Buy Fee: 15%:
  * 10% BNB Referral Reward
  * 5% Marketing Wallet
* Referred Sell Fee: 10%:
  * 2.5% LP Acquisition
  * 2.5% HUH Token Redistribution
  * 5 % Marketing Wallet

#### Presale Strategy

The Dev Wallet is at 5% as to continue paying developers in continuously improving the HUH Token and adapting it for the future.

The Marketing Wallet is at 5%, HUH have a large marketing strategy and due to the multiple listings, we are aiming to achieve, we have added the 5% transaction fee. The Marketing Wallet is to maintain all the partnerships and listings. HUH aim to be listed on around 100 exchanges within the first 12 months.

The Breakdown behind the numbers is that HUH want to always provide back to the LP (Liquidity Pool) as to dampen volatility.

HUH Token Redistribution is another strategy, complementary to freezing, to reward engaged holders within the ecosystem through HOLDING. The more you hold and the longer you hold the more tokens you will receive through the transaction redistribution.

## FEES SYSTEM

On every buy and sell transaction within the HUH token ecosystem, fees are deducted in the best interest of the community as a whole. 

HUH token fees were designed to cover 4 different purposes set out below:

1. Payment of the implicit cost of the reflection feature. It is responsible to directly reward HUH token holders;
2. Payment of LP acquisition costs;
3. Payment of referral rewards, this is a ‘take once’ fee, and it is deducted on the first buy only; and
4. Investments in marketing, designed to position HUH strategically with both depth and extension impacts. These investments indirectly guarantee sufficient resources to market and run the entire HUH ecosystem.
